Add 2nd blog for inkind sponsors (#390)
pythonindia/inpycon-blog: content/blog/2021/announcing-inkind-sponsors-second.md

> Title: Announcing some of our InKind sponsrs for PyCon India 2021 - Packt, Innovaccer, Viprush Technologies, and Toyota Connected India

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: Announcing Packt, Innovaccer, Viprush Technologies, and Toyota Connected India as In-Kind sponsors for PyCon India 2021 (Part 1)
```

Author: ```suggestion
Title: Announcing Packt, Innovaccer, Viprush Technologies, and Toyota Connected India as our In-Kind sponsors for PyCon India 2021 (Part 2)
```
